"But it's too late now"
"I remember you and me"
"And how careless we could be"
all day
and all night
we'd stay up
it felt so right
we were so young
we were so dumb
we would get drunk
and then hook up
we were ok
we were alright
stayin awake
till the sun rise
we were in love
couldn't stop us
like a good drug
never enough
we'd hook up in my car
drive it so far
play you guitar
you'd show me ur art
let down our guards
think with our hearts
Stare at the stars
we were never apart
drinking too young
way too much fun
out in the sun
or in when it's gone
took you to prom
dance to our song
dance all night long
till the lights come on
but it's too late now
I remember everything
and how careless we could be
but it's too late now
I remember you and me
and how careless we could be
it's too late now
I remember everything
and how careless we could be
late nights
long fights
it felt right
we were alive
we would go out
we were so loud
we were so proud
we had no doubts
weekends
and week days
we'd spend
our own way
we were careless
we were fearless
we were reckless
time was precious
we loved to waste time
whiskey and wine
drinking all night
asleep by your side
finally alive
we would just drive
never arrive
our journey was life
staying out late
testing our faith
running away
we lived for today
young and so bold
never get old
screw what we're told
we can't be controlled!
but it's too late now
I remember everything
and how careless we could be
but it's too late now
I remember you and me
and how careless we could be
it's too late now
I remember everything
and how careless we could be
it's too late now
I remember you and me
and how careless we could be